Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello?
Hello!
Let me the fuck out!
Who the fuck are you?
You're smaller than
I thought you'd be.
which is strange because
you did a hell of a number
on your drill instructor
and he's not a pussy.
Probably not the first time your
temper got you into trouble. is it?
That's probably why you joined the
Army in the first place. right?
Or are you just a patriot?
Where am I?
Where aren't you?
You aren't in the brig
at Fort Benning
facing a court-martial that
could have landed you two years
in military prison and turned
you into an even meaner asshole
than you are now.
I had you moved.
You're welcome.
So what is this?
Well. I guess it's math class.
because I'm not wearing
a rank or an insignia
and this isn't a cell. so...
Special Ops?
Hey. fuck you!
Fuck me?
We'll see you
in a couple days. kid.
What?
Where are you going?
Hey!
Hey. asshole. come back!
Let me the fuck outta here!
It's an honor to meet you.
Like I said. I'm a huge fan.
Bitch. I don't know
who you think I am...
You're Job. The Job.
In '91. you hacked
Banco Nacional of Caracas
and transferred $7 million
to humanitarian nonprofits
across South America.
Six months later. you infected the
mainframe of Wing-Lijun Shipping
with a botnet virus that cost
them almost $100 million...
I know the words coming out your
face are technically English.
but I still don't know what
the fuck you talking about.
I spent seven years at
cybercrimes tracking you.
studying your work.
The hack into the armory.
that was simple compared
with your other efforts.
But the way you pulled off the
timed reverse on our power grid?
I mean. there are maybe
two or three other hackers
who could have pulled that
off and they live in China.
Then why don't you
fuck off over there
and bore them to death?
Hmm?
In '94. you infiltrated
the NSA database...
and deleted the personnel records
of 40 covert military operatives.
My theory.
you just needed
to disappear one guy.
But you were
just being thorough.
as always.
Well. that one put you on
the CIA's radar for good.
I would tell you again
you have mistaken me
for someone else...
but you seem
so goddamn excited.
I hate to ruin your fun. Leo.
You're the golden ticket. Job.
And I am going to cash you in.
I'm sorry.
You're impetuous. reckless.
- You defied me.
- I thought I was helping you.
Thank you. Burton.
Bring the car around.
I've been dealing with men
like Frazier and Morales
since before you were born.
You'll learn. Rebecca.
But in order to learn.
you have to accept the fact
that you don't know anything.
- Not yet.
- I understand.
Having said that.
we've both made mistakes.
mistakes that can
never happen again.
Are you going to Philadelphia?
We all are.
Man. get the fuck off of me.
Hey. that's enough!
Don't even think about it.
asshole.
Shit. are you okay. Job?
What the fuck kind of
stupid-ass question is that?
He's okay.
You got any idea
how Stowe landed on us?
We got sloppy.
Well. he doesn't know everything.
and that's the only thing
keeping us alive
until help arrives.
Yeah?
And who's gonna help him?
That man has exactly three
friends and they all right here.
Have some faith. huh?
Have you met me?
He's gonna come.
Oh. I know he'll come.
He'll take on the whole
motherfucking platoon.
Might even make it
past the front gate.
But there's still
a shitload of mercs
with a shitload of guns
between him and us.
I need to see Colonel Stowe.
We're old friends.
I'm not leaving till
you open that fucking gate.
- He'll find a way.
- Fuck you. he'll find a way.
He ain't your fairy godmother come
to make all your dreams come true.
How many more times does he have
to put his ass on the line for you
until he gets his
motherfucking head blown off?
- You're blaming me for this?
- I ain't the one who fucked the mark!
- Fuck you. Job.
- No. fuck you. Carrie.
Or Ana. Or whatever the fuck
you calling yourself today.
- If you were so worried...
- How'd your boyfriend know exactly...
- you could've shut this job down.
- How to take us all down?
- I'm a professional.
- What the fuck did you let slip?
- What you told that motherfucker?!
- I didn't tell him anything.
- How dare you?
- Both of you shut the fuck up!
If we're gonna die.
then we're gonna die.
Have some motherfucking
dignity for fuck's sake.
Job...
if she slipped up. the four
of us would be dead already.
We gonna make it
out of here alive.
we got to stick together.
Hmm?
Yeah?
Come.
- What are you doing here?
- I was in the neighborhood.
I don't have time for games. If you
have business with me. get to it.
What's going on. Colonel?
Everything okay?
Look. Sheriff.
I can only imagine
how boring and insignificant
your life must be.
but honestly.
I don't give two shits.
If you don't have a reason to be
here. then get the fuck off my base.
I got six million reasons.
The sheriff is a thief.
I'm not really a sheriff.
You've come here to negotiate?
I came here to tell you that if
you don't let my friends go.
you'll never see
your money again.
I can keep you here.
remove your fingers one by one
until you tell me
where the cash is.
We both know I wouldn't have
come here without insurance.
Right now. I have no clue
where your money is.
And if I'm not back
in half an hour.
my insurance is gonna call CID.
You've been a soldier.
My guess is you wasted every
opportunity you ever had.
disappointed everyone who
ever took a chance on you.
It's what insubordinate
assholes like you do best.
- You betray your own potential.
- You're really good at this.
- I want my fucking money!
- I want proof of life.
Thirsty?
You're dehydrated.
Your organs are starting
to shut down.
Sure you can feel it.
The headaches. the chills.
Soon the hallucinations
will become so intense.
you'll lose all sense
of reality.
Tell me the truth.
I will reward you.
What was your mother's name?
Catherine.
Catherine. Was she a good mother?
I guess so.
I'm gonna need you to be
more definitive with me.
Was she a good mother?
- Yes.
- Did you love her?
Yes.
Your father's name was Dennis.
Dennis.
- Did you love him. too?
- Yes.
Your father regularly beat
the shit out of your mother.
Put her in the hospital six times.
He beat you. too. didn't he?
- No.
- Of course he did.
That's why you had to kill him.
I didn't kill him.
Of course you killed him.
He was a horrible man
who made you suffer.
He made you
and your mother suffer.
And you killed him.
Just tell me that you killed him.
Tell me the truth.
Now. I want you to tell me the truth.
- I didn't kill him.
- Just tell me the truth.
- No.
- I want you to say to me.
"I killed my father."
I want you to admit it.
Tell me that you killed him.
You're safe.
You're here with me.
You had to make him suffer.
- I didn't kill him.
- Just admit you killed your father.
Tell me the truth.
Tell me that you killed him.
- I killed him.
- What?
What?
I killed him.
Here you go.
Drink. drink. drink.
As you can see.
your friends are all alive...
for the moment.
Go get my fucking money.
I'm gonna pay a little visit.
We haven't really gotten
acquainted. bartender.
Hello. Kurt.
- Calvin.
- It's been a long time.
Welcome home.
Not bad. huh?
Yeah.
You know. when you
disappeared that night.
I thought you just needed to
clear your head for a minute.
But this is a lot to take in.
I'm sure.
Now. you're back just as
suddenly as you left. huh?
It was time to come home.
Right.
You left us in the lurch
that night. Kurt.
There were some who wanted to
hunt you down. make you pay.
But I defended you.
I lied to the Brotherhood for you.
And now you come
back here unannounced
and you do what you did
to Jasper and Bryce.
You're making it very hard
for me to keep you safe.
Am I?
Still...
you're my blood.
And like you always said. brothers
before Brotherhood. right?
So. big brother. I'm gonna give you
a chance to do the right thing.
You take off this uniform
and you come back
to your real family.
I'll smooth things over.
I'll get you in the way you
got me in back in the day.
I am going to do the right thing.
I'm gonna shut down the Brotherhood.
All of it.
You be smart. Calvin.
You have a wife
and a little boy to raise.
Walk away.
Walk away?
I'm not the dumb
little shit I was
when you saved me from Dad.
took me to my first rally.
There is no walking
away from it.
I am the Brotherhood.
Take care of your family.
Don't you come in here
and tell me
to take care of my family.
you fucking traitor.
We will fucking bury you.
You hear me?
Better watch your back.
big brother.
Tough day. Kai?
So. I see there's been
a family reunion.
Now. tell me. Kai. who the
fuck am I in business with.
- you or her?
- You're in business with us.
So you say.
But one says yes.
the other says no.
And now I have
no product at all.
We're here to change
all of that.
You didn't pull up in a truck.
Accept this gift
and our proposal.
There'll be a truck tomorrow.
free of charge.
Ming made a great fucking sword.
But you can never tell
the real quality of a blade
until it's used in battle.
What's the proposal?
Slowly. slowly. slowly.
Take your time.
It's okay. Take your time.
You've been angry
for such a long time.
That anger is there
to protect you from fear.
Now. we could argue
that the fear
comes from an abusive
and drunk father.
but it doesn't really matter
where it comes from.
What matters is that
it can be beaten.
I'm gonna rid you
of that burden...
so you can reach your potential.
And then you're gonna be ready.
Ready for what?
The Army again?
No.
Not the Army.
Something different.
Hey. Bunk.
Otto.
Jasper and Bryce
send their best.
Thanks.
So you gonna stand there
all day like a pussy?
Or you gonna come over here
- and play?
- Hey. clear out.
Now.
I'm not gonna tell you again.
Let's go.
- We'll be seeing you. Bunk.
- Get off him!
I know you're gonna be seeing me
'cause I'm gonna be coming for you.
And we both know what a fucking
pussy you are without your backup.
- Get off him!
- Fucker!
- Bunker. let him go.
- Come on!
Oh!
Shit.
It's not working.
Now look. keep going.
- Don't give up.
- But please do shut up.
You're breaking my
motherfucking concentration.
Go!
Murphy!
Get out there!
You get the girl.
bring her to me.
Go!
Shut up!
We got to hurry the fuck up.
old man.
Look. just break the thumb.
- Sugar. are you sure?
- Yes.
That's the only way
we can get...
Whoo!
This is a good fucking sword!
We need to get you in the car.
No one's chasing me out
of my place of business.
- We'll be trapped inside.
- Then we'll fight our way out.
Sir. I respectfully
urge you to recons...
This is my office.
Everybody out. Come on. Move!
You hear that. man?
Coming from over here.
Come on. man.
Okay. bitch. Let's go.
Well. hello there.
- Where the hell are they?
- I don't know.
What?
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Come on.
Hold it!
God!
I'm gonna circle around
and draw his fire.
- Ready?
- Go!
- Sugar!
- I'm clear.
Grenade!
Hey!
Remember me?
Who could forget a face
that fucking ugly?
Not bad.
You've been holding out on me.
Ah!
You fight better than you fuck.
I got you. you motherfucker.
Fucking messy.
You don't like the way I kill.
you kill the next one.
Done.
No one likes a wiseass.
Fuck.
Lennox!
Lennox.
I...
Hello. Frazier.
Oh.
- Proctor.
- That's right.
I told you you were making a mistake.
Is there a new deal
you have in mind?
Yeah. but not with you.
Now. I know you can't
see the room right now.
so I'll do my best
to describe it for you.
You got three men on the floor.
They're all dead.
Your buddy Lennox.
he's at your feet
slowly bleeding to death.
He appears distraught.
I'm here with my niece
Rebecca and Burton.
You know Burton.
And our mutual associate
Hector Morales.
Now. Hector. he has a
beautiful new sword.
It was a gift I got him
for this very occasion.
And. as you can smell.
I'm smoking one of your
most excellent cigars.
You made a deal with the devil.
you stupid Dutchie.
Don't call me that.
I don't like that.
- You're gonna pay for this. Kai.
- We all pay eventually.
But in my case.
you won't be around to see it.
Or rather hear about it.
Hey... there.
You stupid cerote.
Don't you know he's gonna
fuck you like he fucked me?
No. you fucked yourself. blind man.
You know.
I never did get to thank you
in person for the...
little gift you gave me.
I think of you every time I feel it.
Just do it.
Oh. that's just embarrassing.
I never miss.
Sorry I took so long.
I never doubted you
for a minute.
I thought you said he'd get
killed trying to save us.
Yeah.
but I never doubted he'd come.
Where's Carrie?
Hood!
Put the gun down
or I'll blow her head off.
- No.
- Do it. I will kill her.
- You let her go now.
- I'm not fucking with you!
- Let her go.
- Put the fucking gun down. Hood!
- Let her go. now.
- Don't play me! I will kill her!
- No. you're not.
- Put the fucking gun down!
Gordon!
Sugar. help me get this.
Come on. get the vest off.
Come on.
Fuck! Put pressure on it.
I got it.
I'm right here. Gordon.
Everything's gonna be just fine.
You're gonna be fine.
Fuck me.
Start it up.
I'm on my way.
- Hold on.
- I'm not gonna make it.
Don't talk like that.
You're gonna be fine.
- We're gonna get you out of here.
- Baby. I'm not gonna make it.
You're not the only
gunslinger in the family.
Why did you do this?
I came to take you home. Carrie.
I never stopped loving you.
You know that. right?
I love you.
Stay with me.
Job.
It's okay.
You be good. okay?
You want to tell me what the
hell happened out there today?
A lot of those guys
are angry that I'm back.
They feel betrayed.
Yeah.
Yeah. I got that.
No. I meant the part where
you grabbed a civilian
and started strangling him in front
of a diner full of witnesses.
- Sorry about that.
- You're sorry? Fuck sorry. okay?
I don't like those guys
any more than you do.
- But if you're gonna wear a badge...
- I am guys like that!
Every evil. twisted thought
that he has had.
I have had.
Every fucked-up thing
that he's done.
I have done.
I've done things
that would make you sick.
They make me sick.
You think you're the only one
around here that's got dirt on him?
I've done some... things.
Look. Bunker. I...
I don't know you. okay?
But from what I've seen.
you're not the man
you used to be.
I will always be that man.
Putting on this uniform
does not wipe my slate clean.
I'm doing everything
I can to change.
And every once in a while...
I manage to convince myself...
that I'm a better person.
But the minute
that I come into contact...
with one of those fucking guys
and see the way
that they look at me...
all I feel is hate...
and anger and I can't shake it.
Okay. all right. Listen to me.
Hold it. Look at me.
Okay. That isn't anger
that you're feeling.
That's the shame and the guilt.
And trust me. we all feel that.
All of us.
And that is what makes
you better than them.
If you didn't feel that.
that's when I'd start to worry.
all right?
You hear me?
Okay.
Now. look. can you promise me
that what happened out there today
is never gonna happen again?
I don't know.
Good answer.
'Cause if you had said yes.
I knew you were full of shit.
Go home. all right?
Get some sleep.
- Thank you. sir.
- Yep.
I just hung up
with the state police.
Jesus Christ. Hood.
Gordon Hopewell is dead?
What the hell
happened out there?
He said Camp Genoa
looks like a war zone.
Yeah. I'll have to tell
you about it someday.
No. no. not someday.
He said that CID is gonna be
here in less than an hour.
We need to get your story straight.
They're coming
to talk to you. Brock.
What are you talking about?
Hood?
Badge and letter of resignation
on my desk.
Are you kidding?
Hey! Hood!
Where you going?
You can't...
You can't just leave!
Well. I'm not giving
it back this time.
I'm disappointed in you. Kurt.
But the choice is yours to make.
If you're gonna wear that cop
uniform. you can't wear mine.
Who in the hell took him?
I don't know.
- How do we find him?
- No idea.
Usually that's where
Job comes in.
Isn't there anyone
you can reach out...
God damn it. Sugar.
I don't fucking know.
I don't know who took him.
I don't know where he is.
And I don't know
how to fucking get him back.
Fuck!
Till we hear from him.
he's on his own.
Hey. you look like a new man.
Which means your time
in this room...
is done.
Who are you?
My name is Dalton.
- Are you military?
- I was.
But now I recruit men like you.
I develop them for an elite unit.
What unit?
What branch?
Exactly.
My methods are very unorthodox.
I have a very small window of time
in which to assess your ability.
My ability to do what?
To do what needs to be done.
I think we could do
some very good work together.
And if I'm not interested?
That's fine.
You're free to go.
But if you do. you'll always
be your father's son.
I'm nothing like him.
What happened to your
friends with the beards?
They're all dead.
You sure do have
a knack for survival.
You left me there to die.
Sheriff.
I'm not the sheriff.
What do you want. an apology?
No.
I would have done
the same thing.
You know. being the sheriff
never really suited you.
No. it didn't.
Fuck me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today